[Music]  so this test flight was coming up and it  was the weekend before this weekend  and unfortunately  they had to delay the test flight  so  the price was at 55 and what was going  to happen basically is if that test  flight was successful last weekend  that stock price was going to shoot up i  i bet you 75 80 something like that  possibly even more  it's one of the biggest ones in my  portfolio what's going on guys welcome  back to the channel this is actually an  emergency video it's a reason that i'm  emergency wiring money over into my  stock broker so that i can buy as much  of a certain stock as possible over the  last couple of weeks uh basically it was  at somewhere around 55  and we had this very important test  flight date uh where it was basically  going to make or break the stock what  i'm telling you is that in my opinion  none of this investment advice this is  just a by the effing dip situation right  it's funny how stupidity and greed  always seem to go together you don't  hear a whole lot about wisdom and greed  working hand-in-hand you don't hear  about like you know  dispassionate detached  philosophical people being overwhelmed  by greed buy  buy buy things when people are scared  buy when there's blood in the streets  don't buy when everyone's following it  don't buy when it seems like a sure  thing because it's already gone up 20  times or whatever this is just a by the  effing dip situation i know what you're  thinking you're looking at this chart  and you're imagining  that when brian turner said so  passionately that you should buy the dip  he was talking about the middle of this  chart in may 2021  when you were clearly in between two  peaks in between  two mountains when you were down in the  valley but no  the quotations i'm playing for you here  are from  february  of 2021 when the stock  was at  it's all time  high  and it doesn't just blow my mind that he  would give such  terrible advice  what blows my mind is that he wouldn't  follow up  afterwards you know i i try to believe  in freedom of speech i try to believe  that we can have a better society that  we can  i don't know have a better democracy by  letting everyone come out  and share their advice share their  perspective on the world no matter how  bad and terrible and awful it is but you  know like that hope i have that we can  all learn from our own mistakes and  learn from each other's mistakes it  relies on people like this being honest  in a way that they never are brian if  you really did what you said you did if  you really  went out and sold all your worldly  possessions to invest everything you had  in this so-called  great opportunity where are your videos  now  full of remorse full of reflection  full of analysis  as to just how tragically wrong you  really were so let's talk about what  stock that i'm about to yolo all of my  money into and make a big big big all or  nothing bet on because i think it's  gonna do extremely well this year so the  stock that i'm talking about that i'm  extremely bullish on it is ticker symbol  spse space this is virgin galactic  reddit has an extremely dedicated  community for virgin galactic and so  user moon raker rocket basically just  cut all of this amazing information into  quick and easy to follow bullet points  we've all changed our lives  because of something  at some point  that we read on the internet quite  possibly there are people in this  audience  right now  who changed their lives because of  something they read  in a reddit forum from an anonymous user  some of you became vegan because of  something you read on the internet some  of you became atheists you quit the  mormon church because something you read  on the internet i can't keep too much  scorn on this side of human nature and  like even if what you're reading on the  internet is bad and evil and wrong it  could lead to you in some way improving  your life back when i was a member  of the buddhist faith i was meeting  people  face to face  who had converted to buddhism  because of what they'd read on the  internet sometimes  sometimes just short quotations in  reddit forums these days it'll be  it'll be quotations from the buddha on  instagram and you know i was one of the  people saying hey look  you really shouldn't have anything to do  with this religion if you haven't  actually read  the philosophy of the buddha if you  haven't really read something  anthropological and political about the  reality about  what's going on in  thailand laos cambodia but but but  enough about me  i looked up  moon raker rocket user moonraker rocket  basically just cut all of this amazing  information into quick and easy to  follow bullet points  the man who apparently inspired  or justified this enthusiasm from brian  turner for this stock and here he is  answering a uh  [Laughter]  answering a painfully honest plea on  reddit someone says another day  another 52-week low when does the pain  end  and you can see here i don't know if i  can call this his rationalization  but he's saying buckle up as if to say  don't worry  this stock is still going to take off  still going to go to the moon 5x 10x  and  someone replies to him  how long have you been telling yourself  that mate the fact that the test flight  that was going to happen last weekend is  now pushed towards may and may seems a  long time away and that's why we've seen  this stock sell-off when that flight  happens and it's successful the price is  going to moon not only after that test  flight is successful after that richard  branson will be on the very first public  flight and that is going to build huge  hype that is when they're going to start  releasing the ability to purchase more  tickets which then is going to make  their next quarterly earnings statement  much much much higher which is then also  going to drive the price up how would  you feel  if it were you  how would you feel if you were brian  turner  and how would you feel  if you were  moon raker rocket i know  what it was like to be in the buddhist  faith and i know what it was like to get  out  of the buddhist faith  and i have no regrets  because i was a person of integrity at  every stage because my religion  was never built on a lie and i was never  lying to other people  for the sake of my religion i honestly  my price target for this stock is at  least 100 by the end of this year i  more realistically i do just want to be  conservative right there but what i  really think the stock is going to do is  150 or 200 possibly even more  at the time of filming this video the  price of the stock is twenty dollars and  eleven cents with a market cap of four  point seven seven billion dollars now if  you're a new investor in virgin galactic  which is the stock ticker  spce and you got in on the hype it can  feel like you have been taken for a run  and it could feel like this is not going  to go anywhere if you go online you'll  see a lot of people who really just got  in on the hype don't actually believe in  the company haven't looked into the  fundamentals and don't really know  what's going on with the company itself  when it comes to development research  and what's happening over the next year  and a half and for those people it does  feel like it's time to just cut your  losses and get out now this video i want  to explain to you what's going on this  month next month and over the course of  this year to still be able to hit an  extremely high number in my opinion i  think the stock can make it well past 80  by the end of this year honestly at this  point i feel like the stock is at a  fantastic price to buy but it could go a  bit lower of course uh maybe 10 20 let's  talk price targets let's talk what's  gonna happen by the end of this year  let's talk about what the price is  potentially going to be by mid to late  next year as well so one of the  catalysts that is going to move this  price up is that kathy wood which is  like a legendary investor everybody's  following her arc funds she has arc x  which is the space exploration and  innovation fund and announced that space  spce virgin galactic will be a part of  that etf  as we see these test flights succeed as  basically virgin galactic proves that  it's moving along its path i do see you  know kathy wood allocating more money  into it basically she's just kind of you  know playing the field seeing what's  happening right now if virgin galactic  starts to succeed of course she's gonna  wait more of that etf in there now where  are my price targets i think by the end  of this year we could be seeing a 60 to  90 dollar space price now i think that  may even be conservative but even more  crazy i do see the price target for mid  to late next year being 200 to 300  dollars per share where are your videos  now  full of remorse full of reflection  full of analysis  as to just how tragically wrong you  really were as to what your thought  process was how it was that you  convinced yourself that you were buying  the dip when you were in fact standing  on the top of a mountain after which  this stock would only decline in value  why haven't we all heard you apologize  for your prediction that this stock  would increase by five times in value  within a year that it would quintuple  or more  there's a difference between being wrong  factually and being wrong  morally just giving bad advice just  giving people a prediction that turns  out to be wrong i understand that's not  immoral  but when you refuse to take  responsibility for it afterwards when  you refuse to reflect on it afterwards  for me  it starts to become not just a factual  but also an ethical problem i'm  disgusted  unsubbed unfollowed goodbye  [Music]